openwrt-docs4ai-pipeline subpipeline: openwrt-cookbook mission statement

the goal of the openwrt-cookbook folder is to act as a pipeline tool for creating ai-generated documentation about programming for the openwrt project such that future ai tools will be able to use the "cookbooks" or programming tutorials to do a better job of programming for openwrt. it's important because ai models are not trained hard on openwrt development, so even the best models will make mistakes when programming for openwrt.

in order to execute this goal, we must find things that ai tools are bad at doing, and then write documentation to correct those things in advance, in a small enough character count to not overinflate an ai tool's context window. one of the important resources we have on our side is the open source nature of the openwrt project. while repos used in the project's deliverables are all over the internet and unorganized (thus the need for the openwrt-docs4ai-pipeline itself, to generate condensed docs in one place), the open source nature means we can train on that data by looking at what works, reverse engineering the development of those things that work, asking an ai to develop those things again from scratch, capturing and scoring the ai's test results, analyzing the programming mistakes, and then we can built openwrt tutorial cookbooks based on those mistakes using as concisely as possible to teach the ai of the future what to do.

this openwrt-cookbook subpipeline is in development right now. we have many documents and test runs. what we are working on presently is the development of a test generation, key generation, test administration, test scoring, and test regeneration loop. once this loop is properly documented and reproduceable, we will be able to give an AI the test files and a test prompt, the AI will deliver its tests results to a results folder, and then we will be able to give those test results to a scoring ai along with a scoring prompt, and that ai will generate a scoring output with analysis and mistakes the ai made (per-test scenario, not just per batch file) and lessons that we can add to the test scoring plan to help with future test scoring, and then this loop can be repeated to improve the existing tests, or new tests can be created by downloading the openwrt code base and finding unique code snippets which can again be reverse engineered to create new tests to add to the test pool and then the list of golden truths or golden answer keys will continue to grow and be strengthened with "do's and don't's" and references to the original code and test error sources where the lessons came from, and then finally this golden data set can be transformed into a folder full of programming tutorials or concise "cookbooks", each one a tiny but potent lesson about something that AI developers have made mistakes about in the past.

recently we have created a "version 2" of the openwrt-cookbook in the plans/v14/ folder. we have created tests, we have runs the tests against several ai agents to generate their results, and then we have used an affordable fast ai agent named haiku to score those results. one advantage of using a less-intelligent-than-optimal ai agent for this test scoring is that we get the opportunity to see all the mistakes IT makes. its misunderstandings and hallucinations about openwrt test scoring in fact informs us EXTRA about the competency of ai models in the development and understanding of openwrt software systems. so not only can we capture the many domains of lessons learned from the test scoring, but we can also capture an additional section of knowledge about how the lower-intelligent scorer made mistakes grading tests about openwrt. this data can be captured in a separate file from the test results, for example some kind of scoring results lessons file.

we have successfully generated a test cookbook with this new subpipeline of the root docs4ai project, and it has been verified as better than the cookbook of the same topic from the first version of this subpipeline. now that this proof of concept is positive, we may continue to fully flesh out the documentation and implementation of this new openwrt-cookbook pipeline that exists within the docs4ai pipeline project.

one important detail is that solid comprehensive repeatable prompts must be written and recorded for the relevant steps of this ai-first pipeline. for example, how do we generate new tests? how do we score tests? how do we upgrade the pipeline's "do's and don'ts" each iteration? How do we check our veracity against the actual openwrt code base? how do we command a test-taker to use a cookbook documentation product of the pipeline to take the test again so we might measure if the test succeeds again while using our product thus proving the need and success of our product? how do we generate the cookbooks from the pipeline's data store? and so on. all of these situations need proven, recorded, documented, ai prompts which the human operator can feed to the relevant ai agents to do their work to progress the pipeline. 

similarly, there are some stages of the operation of the openwrt-cookbook pipeline that need human action. for example, the human decides there is a need for improved documentation, so there must be a prompt template available to direct an ai agent in the pipeline's best practice manner to scan the openwrt repo data for some relevant code to reverse engineer a test out of, and the agent knows how to create and build the relevant files on disk. another example: the human needs to have test files in conveniently-sized batches for copying into web ai or running locally in development tools, such that individual agents per-model are clean rooms for each batch of tests and the ai won't get an advantage by thinking too much about one thing and then getting a string of answers correctly because its context happened to figure something out that steam-rolled a bunch of tests. but we want the tests in convenient batches with different domains of tests per batch so the human doesn't have to manage EVERY test individually. quality real-world tests results is the goal; when an ai agent is programming for openwrt, most of its work and context may be normal programming like c that it understands well, but then if it hits something unique like a ucode function, it might mess that up. this is the condition we're testing by splitting our tests into batches each with minimally duplicated domains/conditions inside. 

the openwrt-cookbook prototype folder is ready to develop into a sharper, smarter, more usable folder. there is a large variety of documentation currently present which may or may not be necessary or useful in the future. we must, with a careful eye, examine the contents of this folder and then address the needs of this new pipeline with whatever modifications and new files and folders are necessary to produce a proven product. the human user will be able to read the mission statement in the root folder to understand what's going on. they will be able to read the readme and see the detailed steps of the operation of the pipeline, and which files and folders are used for which step, and which step needs human interactions and which steps need the human to use which ai prompt files/templates to feed to the ai administering the next step of the pipeline. the openwrt-cookbook pipeline may even name the crucial sequence folders with numbers like "00-, "01-", etc, at the start of the important sequential files/folders to describe which must happen before the next. each step takes inputs and produces outputs. the final output of the cookbook pipeline will be a "staging" folder, perhaps stored within the openwrt-cookbook folder, perhaps within /openwrt-cookbook/tmp, or perhaps within the root project's /tmp folder, such that "cookbooks-RANDOM_NUMBER" outputs can be generated for testing purpose and not crash into each other, and the latest output can be recorded in a json config file so the main openwrt-docs4ai-pipeline runner can know where to read the latest docs from, OR we may require the human to promote their favorite cookbook generation run to a "staging" folder in the openwrt-cookbooks folder or somewhere else and that fixed static staging folder, perhaps in the static folder of the main project folder, will be used by the pipeline to pull the cookbook sources from for use in the final docs4ai pipeline run.

begin your work today by writing a mission-statement-gemini31pro-v0.md file in the plans/v14/openwrt-cookbook folder synthesizing my explanation above into a detailed yet concise human and ai-readable document so that there will be no mystery about the meaning of this folder. I have given you plenty of details to think about, reason through, and logically present to the reader. this work can be done by one spawned parallel agent if you wish.

next you will review the most recent meta-review of the pipeline's testing and scoring operation, stored at:
docs\plans\v14\openwrt-cookbook\artifacts\scoring\openwrt-scoring-assessment-10-10.md
you have permission to read as many of the other documents as you need to understand the context of what's going on here. upon understanding the operations that occured and are spoken about in that document, your next task is to generate a plan for what files and folders to touch to implement the recommendations of that plan. you may add your own thoughtful logical ideas to your plan as well. you will write out your plan to a plan file named after the work that needs to be done, and have a gemini31pro-v0 at the end to signify that it is the first version of your plan. you will create a "docs/plans/" folder structure in openwrt-cookbook if it's not already present, so that we can keep plans out of the way of the cookbook pipeline's other active process documents. you have permission to read as many files as you need to understand how to proceed, and you should reference lines/paragraphs/files in your documentation so that a future implementing agent can go read what you're referring to. for example, if you like a certain test or ai prompt, you might refer to it rather than type it all out again. this work can be done by one spawned parallel agent if you wish.

your final task of the day is to examine the file folder name and map of the openwrt-cookbook folder, consider what is needed and what isn't needed, consider what should be renamed or reorganized, consider what new files should be created or promoted, and what documentation needs to be written to establish and presere the health of this relatively complicated new cookbook pipeline. you will write your plan for what should be done about the file folder organization in a new plan file named after the work that needs to be done and append "gemini31pro-v0" at the end and create it in the "docs/plans/" folder structure in openwrt-cookbook if it's not already created. you have permission to read as many files as you need to understand how to proceed, and you should reference lines/paragraphs/files in your documentation so that a future implementing agent can go read what you're referring to. for example, if you like a certain test or ai prompt, you might refer to it rather than type it all out again. this work can be done by one spawned parallel agent if you wish.

good luck with your tasks!